RetainOnDelete docs (#1059)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/intro/concepts/resources/options/_index.md

- [provider]({{< relref "provider" >}}): pass an [explicitly configured provider]({{< relref "../providers/#explicit-provider-configuration" >}}), instead of using the default global provider.
- [providers]({{< relref "providers" >}}): pass a set of [explicitly configured providers]({{< relref "../providers/#explicit-provider-configuration" >}}). These are used if provider is not given, and are passed to child resources.
- [replaceOnChanges]({{< relref "replaceonchanges" >}}): declare that changes to certain properties should be treated as forcing a replacement.

> - [retainOnDelete]({{< relref "retainOnDelete" >}}): if true the resource providers `Delete` function won't be called for this resource when deleted or replaced.

Reviewer: Perhaps this?

```suggestion
- [retainOnDelete]({{< relref "retainOnDelete" >}}): if true the resource will be retained in the backing cloud provider during a Pulumi delete operation.
```
